vmui: add functionality to preserve selected columns (#7037)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/VictoriaLogs/CHANGELOG.md

## tip

> * FEATURE: [web UI](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/querying/#web-ui): add functionality to preserve selected columns across page reloads. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/7016).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: [web UI](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/querying/#web-ui): keep selected columns in table view on page reloads. Before, selected columns were reset on each update. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/7016).
```
